[Music]
Yes, I'm live.
Oh, what happened? Am I bothering you? No, no, no. Tell me
no, they're telling me in the chat
that Marta got angry. Risk with you.
Yes, she came in at the beginning of my live broadcast
and they started correcting things on Instagram
because I'm lying. I don't
know what I'm saying with the program, but to move, I
'm denying the program and I
say to the program that I'm lying
and denying. You've given two pieces of
information, that of Saúl Ortiz and the one that you
see, garden, that he has personally spoken
with Olga Moreno. Well, I got caught,
Harry, and not that Carrasquista Saúl
Ortiz who was throwing things to the ground and
lying left and right without having any
proof,
well, he was saying that he was going to sell
the store and he had said that for now, no. It's
good that about Madrid, he was
looking into moving there, but that they
must be that for now, he is not
going to transfer the store and Saúl Ortiz was
saying the opposite, but there the one who
had spoken, Saúl said yes and go to garden, he
said that he had personally spoken
with her  Also she is represented
by Agustín Etién and first hand she
knew what she was saying
and Marta explained and there and well Marta there
telling me everything that I don't know what And now she
starts to bring up old things like let's see
that she has a problem with Evita and she's not
going to pay me for it You know Yes yes of course the
problem but I mean it wasn't related
to her the information it's not
that she has given it nor is it
related to her but since she saw
that she has uploaded it to my Instagram the
promotion of my video well it has already
started and talking to me I don't know I don't know
how much and I say I'm live if you
want upload no no no no no call your
friend Call your friend Olga
telling me
Infante in the end no no no he hasn't come
to upload No he didn't want to he didn't want to
I offered it to him twice the messages
that he was sending you was knowing that
you were live reading it of course I
think he wanted to like trigger me a
little Ah I'm going to push it forward I
mean he posted all the tweets with
Raquel Moreno with Evita
and all the ones she's been  messing around and well
with Olga Moreno have you also seen that he has
attacked Olga Moreno something else with
answering Raquel Moreno I have seen
something but we are going to see it in full now It's that I
just went to call him because
people say what's wrong with me that I do
n't call you anymore that I don't mention you anymore
That's because he doesn't mention me Okay man
because I can't see you or rather you
think I'm more handsome or something and the truth is
that I can't stand you No man if on Thursday
and Thursday you're going to be on Thursday I'll go
man Thursday it's
clear to you whenever you want come on Thursday
Enrique is coming so that people don't
think that we have separated
Well I don't know do you think I had entered
your live call let's see I
spoke to her today like well I know that she
has this problem with evita
Dinamita that now we are going to see it and
there I agree with Marta I mean I can't I can't let's
see obviously I I have said
both things I have said that and the harassment
that she has received is brutal me about the
photo that she uploaded No I would not have
done it it's true  which is legal and
all because apparently it was on
linkedin on a Facebook profile and everything was
published It's true that he can do it
but I wouldn't have done it I would have
passed the subject over
Yes yes yes perfect if I see it well I'm
simply saying that I would not have
done it because I am above those
things You know that I ignore those people and that's it, I mean
if you get like that
Javi then you have to respond to
this one, to the other one, to the one on the motorcycle and we can't
be like this I don't know why it is he has
gone so crazy with or rather he has
given more importance to the Evita
Dinamita there is something there we don't know why he has given more importance to
the Evita
Dinamita there is a character that doesn't look at
that
here we are going to see some now later
but you can say terrible things about
people and you think you are immune to being
said terrible things or whatever of course and
one thing is what I was saying
one thing is that you criticize Marta
riesgo for the [ __ ] ups she does that she does
many and every two  for three and another thing
is that they upload stories showing the
model and you criticize her for her physique or
for I don't know what, no, that's not the case there's no
criticism there, with the physique
there the criticism loses and no it doesn't make
sense I don't think there has to be something
more with this user in particular
something there has to be something more why he
focuses on her more than another because let's
see honestly it's that I also saw her fed up with the fact that her name is
not
Evita it's called something else I don't
know what it's called but oh well now
let's read Marta's tweets but
the girl starts poking at
people and being annoying and apart from that she remains anonymous it has
absolutely nothing to do with it one thing is that
one thing is that she is not a person who
commercializes her private life
So you can't expose things about her
private life but it's what I was saying
let's see she has been had been
entering a channel with half a million
followers she is in spaces
continuously she is on Twitter that every
day talking about Marta risk Well
obviously it is also a guiding spirit
if one day there is a judgment directly
directly let's go but what is missing is that if  she
does it civilly she eats
things she avoids these if she has money
to spend money put the civil money on her and
then pay Marta for the things she
does it but if she does it criminally
I don't think there will even be a trial let's
see that then one person and then
12,000 has more followers than Marta in
fact 14,000 followers on social networks Does it
seem to you in 800 spaces she is a
collaborator of a channel of half a million
subscribers that has almost 100,000
views each debate she has done with the
youtuber now then today the youtuber the
channel Juanjo let's go I don't mind
mentioning not in the channel that she collaborates has
uploaded today a video that says exclusive
lawsuit against Marta risk for avoid
Dinamita for threats increasingly closer
this is an anonymous character that cannot be
answered I ask
no no apart she puts her Avatar which is as
if it were her yes it is not her photo
but but it is her logo in quotes of
social networks
because apart she has put it no that and she
has put it again a second time then
the photo in the afternoon because she says that  I have it
more than more than consulted with my
lawyer and it is that they are photos let's see
if she has published her photos on
Facebook and on LinkedIn page in a
lot of public pages of course
that photo is Even on Google images
okay I mean yes yes yes yes
maybe to sell
theater tickets okay but that you answer her So
the context is the following the
context is a user has been
saying very ugly things about Marta for a year and a half almost two years
that now we are going to see some I
mean and now you have had enough of insults
you laugh at her physique you mess with her
now what escapes me I don't know if
someone could send me some clips or
whatever of what she has said about her
in the and in space because she has surely
said outrageous things Because you said them about me
Imagine that you go to
a trial okay and you say No look, it's that
I was calmly defaming
this person and getting involved because she was very
ugly when she was young okay she had a nose Like
that she has many operations and she is the
lover of the other one and that is because  Juan in his
video he also starts to say what
you have to do is worry that you
are the other one who has not been divorced What does it
feel like to be the other thing so
contemptuously not that you say a
judgment saying No look, it's that I
was quietly defaming her
and now she came and put and
answered me and put my photo and I
don't want you to put my photo because
maybe I'm not in the circumstance to
mess with anyone else's physique
exposed don't
imagine the judge's face no Uy Marta
right now I condemn you for putting the photo
of Vita Dinamita eh right now I
condemn you because what you have done is very
serious there is no problem taking it but the
worst thing I tell you Javi that now now You will
see it when they see the tweets it
is when he answers Raquel Moreno I
understand that he also has a Crusade
against her but obviously and
to hurt Raquel Moreno well he
answers her at least I do not want to
be a character the one who wants to be a character
in which she sells exclusive and
is in reality in Clara allusion to  Olga
Moreno Imagine how
social networks are, they are burning there, he has
already put his foot in it completely and the worst thing is that it is
going to affect Antonio's Channel. I
saw that Well, I think he doesn't care
Antonia, I have been giving exactly the same to the
channel for quite some time now and
then on top of that he hasn't even made
a mere mention of someone who has beaten
Juan up and he hasn't made
a mere mention he hasn't even given a
like when yesterday he liked two
posts against Rocío
Carrasco but no, he hasn't even tried to give
a like to Juan's video it
seems to me that he has given
two likes yesterday and the day before
yesterday to posts against
Rocío Carrasco, that is to say that he has been
snooping around on Twitter but that he hasn't
done anything in Clear allusion to
Juan's farewell that seemed really ugly to me Maybe
things are not as good
as they seem no no no to me when I saw the
video it was clear to me that no, that
Juan You know perfectly well How is it that he
is a man who dresses from the
feet up  and he wanted to leave properly
But hey even if it was even if you
ended badly in public Juan
wanted to end well and Antonio David
nothing man what less than a
proper video between the two of them saying goodbye
Hey I appreciate all your support
I think that maybe with Olga
Marta shouldn't enter Look you know what's going on let's see
if I explain myself so that nobody misinterprets me
with Olga as far as I haven't confirmed this to me
nobody nor I ask
her or anything like that warning okay I'll
tell you the theory that I have I think that
with Olga
apart I think that well she showed it
when she posted the story publicly the other day
with the issue of the photo of
the girl that instead of fixing things
privately she posted that story
Knowing what it was going to cause by not
posting the story no I am Olga
Moreno and I post that story on Instagram
and I know that it burns on the networks no it
shows that there is no good vibes and
cordiality in the separation of these
people from this family Yes but I think I
think that statement comes from
Lola's homework
that publishes that  Marta publishes risk if
you have a cordiality that I'm not
even getting into who is right or
not Although I sincerely have her daughter and her
right to listen to me
that your girlfriend does not upload more photos of me is that it
is like that I think this
conversation in private Javi but as
in the store reasons then she had no
choice but to upload a statement Of course that
is what I was going to tell you man that makes me
think Of course if we are going to see if you
want to tell her something the most logical thing is that I
tried it the good way first of
course in private that you take it in
private Hey David listen to me I don't like it I
upload the photo that I want of my
daughter but I don't want them to upload I
take it for granted Javi that that had been done I
take it for granted that Olga
first tried it the good way and
seen that she continues continues that continues Verito
Lola's homework the photo like
Look I'm going to Dinamita this because now
I have no other choice now it's that she doesn't
pay attention to me in private well in
public look how things are now
calmer It's true that
Marta's a lawyer and that and that she has
completely lost her way like the breakdowns
of everything that is happening on the networks
that I imagine they will find out if they
want to pay attention to all this Marta
risked Hey
party because today they were having a party
save me from the light not
tonight today I
remember I remember the question today if they
want to pay attention to this news
for me for me with what happened to Olga I think
something is happening that Marta is not being
intelligent in the way she acts
there what I think they have a
conflict Antonio Olga Marta all of them okay they have a
conflict that we don't know
why they are taking it privately
and within the conflicts that they have Well there will
be things in which maybe
some are right and others are too or
one is or one is doing well and
another is not doing well Okay and
maybe there are things in which Olga
is not acting as they would
like and then maybe what is
happening is that Olga is keeping quiet and
Marta is the one who is throwing the barbs
So this is facing outside the
family  they will know the thing going on and
the problems they have with Olga and what
Olga has done that they like or do
n't like but from the outside it
looks like Marta is attacking and Olga is
n't
I think that in private Maybe there are
things that or
that Olga is not being entirely right,
that maybe she is not doing everything
as idyllic as we think or maybe
the perspective that
they have but of course they will be at
home [ __ ] it's what organs stick to
here [ __ ] It's that look you know but instead
of keeping it quiet if Marta is making
these barbs
in front of the public they are not going to think
[ __ ] Maybe Olga is not doing
things right Maybe Olga is not
being as perfect as it seems
but of course in front of the public what she
is doing is that she is attacking
and he won without Olga saying
anything Of course that is
exactly what happens I think that is
where it fails that very impulsive and she is
letting herself be carried away by the hotheads that she
has privately and she is
making it public and you do not see it that way because
in the end the  that the one that is making you look
bad in my opinion in yours the best no
but in my opinion I think that there
she is making herself look bad
because she is losing her foot, I mean,
the moment that the moment that she
starts throwing those barbs at Olga I
already said the same thing when she interviewed
Carisman no, I
understand what she may think and the
data that we lack but it does not
benefit her, you have to be more
intelligent Well go on go on
with her but it is that we should not go into
with those people But not with those
people or with some youtubers who
are constantly throwing us Because
if we get in line one by one pim pim
pim we will not finish today or tomorrow or the day after it
is better to pass those people I do
n't know it depends man It depends depends on what you
know I think that for example that she
responds to Evita and the guajo Yes
but Olga that Olga is not
attacking you publicly
it is true we do not know publicly she
is maintaining her position of not
talking about her it is that I never talk about
her and that's it Marta several barbs No
now
telephone also in  some occasion anyway
at noon there were some little things
and it's already 8 there were little things that there has always been
some some little dig
so you have to know where you stand and
by far to go down If you want
people to empathize with you if you want to
win people over and for people to
understand you Well there you are putting yourself in
a trap that no I am not
going into whether one is right or not
another because we do not know the previous ones
Of course but if you take those steps
then you are not going to explain the
circumstances there are people there are
people in the chat who are saying
that maybe Olga is
not publicly doing anything but that maybe she
does it through a sister
for example
I personally have to
answer to that what Olga has
always told me is that there is no one on
networks who knows the movements that she
makes with her family to give statements
through her mouth
of wanting that she does not like the exposure
that she is making on networks or the defense
that she is making on networks now because it
is not what she would like to carry out or
rather that nobody speaks her name that nobody
defends her that as that  He told me the
same thing to me He told me like he told me that
her sister,
well that her that there is no sister
of hers that speaks through her mouth on
networks or anyone from Juan's channel that
knows but not only that she does not
speak through her mouth but that she does
not have information about
her movements she told me
and that she did not understand and that she did not understand and
apart I only have a conversation just in
case someone knows He denies me I
mean he told me that he did not understand
or share the things that you did and
some towards me that he did not understand or
share some things that did not make
sense you
know So I think that if Marta
maybe is thinking that the things that
Olga's sister posts are sent by
Olga there I
think she would be wrong I think eh I think I think she would be wrong but of course we never have all the data understand me so maybe Hey maybe it was not a surprise but we are giving our opinion based on what we
have I also tell you
based on what they give us publicly we cannot
form an idea and we can we can
our cabals are like what
Antonio David was telling you let's see if we play a
kiss Candido
of him neither has he
nor made the video with him as you will
understand Knowing how the subject is
we are going to do we are going to make
speculations
I still have not spoken with Juan because I was
going to call him to not pay for your idea but
to see how he was and besides When I
speak with him obviously he is not going to
give me details of what happened there
but for me what happened is that
Juan has said I am here
waiting for the Channel
giving myself
the protagonist and the protagonist
is not giving even 10% of course of course
[Music]
and I think that Juan has been very elegant with
his farewell
in the end it is as it seems to be And
surely he would be the one who would say Look, well he
could even be coming out releasing
videos of stars not the girl who
released the audios but not even that and I
think that is what the one who
has to be there has to be the one who has to
be on the channel is Antonio David damn
of course he would be the best
the star uploading video and the one no
no he is going to look a bit like my
secretary No of
course  easy it is because there is no
need to do it perfectly those are
vlogs you do it with images Or you
do it by going out in a moment you
record yourself with your cell phone in selfie mode and
comment on the news with him
commenting one a day it could be
recorded video I recorded video when I
went to Madrid when I went to
Barcelona at the same airport
record Clear clear
25,000 simultaneous viewers no
that in the end YouTube penalizes you
too much you have for what is being
explained
well Enrique Well I won't bother you anymore king you must
be enjoying the weekend
I imagine no son or not
with the videos and with the live What
happens is that well already
a Saturday you doing live How strange
no
because there was no place It's
not that I got up I got
up at 4 I mean it was
six I haven't done anything I had to
party and today we had a lot of homework here
at home So nothing I went to stay for a
moment to see if there was something that
Lorena wanted but it's already rotated
because that's when the sale starts so we'll
see each other well
on Thursday we won't see each other  Thursday we won't
see each other because I have to go to Barcelona on
Thursday. Oh well, because next Thursday the other one the other one the
other one or if not,
come any day, a hug King, a
hug people, see you later
[Music]